      General Public Licence for the software known as NE or 'New E'
      --------------------------------------------------------------

	  (c) Copyright, University of Cambridge, 1994



Free use of NE in source and binary forms is permitted,
provided that this entire licence is duplicated in all copies,
and that any documentation, announcements, and other materials
related to use acknowledge that the software was developed at the
University of Cambridge. Neither the name of the University nor
the name of the author of NE may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this material without specific prior
written permission.

The University retains the copyright and all other legal rights
to the software and makes it available non-exclusively. All users
must ensure that the software in all its derivations carries a
copyright notice in the form: (c) Copyright University of Cambridge.



                           NO WARRANTY

Because the NE software is licensed free of charge, the
University of Cambridge provides absolutely no warranty, either
expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
NE software is with you. Should NE prove defective, you
assume the cost of all necessary servicing or repair.

In no event, unless required by law, will the University of
Cambridge, or any other party who may modify and redistribute
this software as permitted in accordance with the provisions
below, be liable for damages for any losses whatsoever, including
but not limited to lost profits, lost monies, lost or corrupted
data, or other special, incidental or consequential losses that
may arise out of the use or inability to use the NE software.


                         COPYING POLICY

Permission is hereby granted for copying and distribution of
copies of the NE source and binary files, and of any part thereof,
subject to the following licence conditions:

1. You may distribute NE or components of NE, with or without
additions developed by you or by others. No charge, other than an
"at-cost" distribution fee, may be charged for copies,
derivations, or distributions of this material without the express
written consent of the copyright holder.

2. You may also distribute NE along with any other product for
sale, provided that the cost of the bundled package is the same
regardless of whether NE is included or not, and provided that
those interested only in NE must be notified that it is a product
freely available from the University of Cambridge.

3. If you distribute NE software or parts of NE, with or without
additions developed by you or others, then you must either make
available the source to all portions of the NE system (exclusive
of any additions made by you or by others) upon request, or
instead you may notify anyone requesting source that it is freely
available from the University of Cambridge.

4. You may not omit any of the copyright notices on either the
source files, the executable files, or the documentation.

5. You may not omit transmission of this License agreement with
whatever portions of NE that are distributed.

6. Any users of this software must be notified that it is without
warranty or guarantee of any nature, express or implied, nor is
there any fitness for use represented.

April 1994
